hey screen printers it's Ryan here with
Ryan it you know you love giving a shirt
to your customer and typically when you
give that shirt to the customer give it
to them in a box so a great way to
advertise your company and to do a
little bit more with screen printing
maybe set yourself apart from the
competition is actually screen print
your own boxes in this instructional
video we're going to show you how to
screen print on boxes using our green
galti let's get to it for this video we
actually used a green galaxy fusion
mixing system to mix Pantone 3 6 8 which
is great Green to put on the front of
our box we're also going to highlight
that with some pitch black on the bottom
of the top the reason why we're using
water based not classes to all the print
on these boxes because this is a natural
product meaning the water base will soak
right into it feel very very nice it
will look like a box you buy in the
store versus classes all twisted on top
of the product because we don't need to
put a lot of water base down on this
product we're going to be using a little
bit higher mesh screen 200 or 230 mesh
we're going to go with a 200 mesh it's a
little bit lower for the green ink
because it's a little bit thicker than
the black make sure it's all lining up
perfectly now the other thing you have
to keep in mind is if you want some off
contact when you're printing these boxes
you don't want to print directly on
contact so we have about an 8 inch off
contact right here looks very good on
our Riley rock press gives us that XYZ
off contact control will simply load the
screen up with ink and you're going to
print a box very similar to how you
print a shirt flood up and then print
back and I'm probably to do two passes
we got some ridges there in that box and
then print back
that should release all the ink always
want to leave that screen flooded so as
we lift the screen we're going to flood
it slightly boom
that looks great the top and the bottom
of the print are going to be printing
wet on wet using green galaxy pitch
black we're going to use a little bit
smaller sweetie because we are printing
wet on wet so that we don't over print
what we've already printed so I'm going
to put a little black on the top and a
little black on the bottom and then same
process we're just flooding up getting
enough ink on our sweetie there to pass
flooding up and then pretty back and
then on the bottom flood up and then
revenge
let's check it out wow that looks great
now while water-based ink will air dry
on paper it's better to run through a
conveyor dry or low temp high speed just
to speed things up a little bit there
you have it
final box print with green galaxy
water-based ink now speaking of green
galaxy water-based ink just wanted to
give a shout out to the shirt I'm
wearing right now james-scott apparel
they use all of our green galaxy
water-based ink in fact that's common
light right there thanks a lot for
watching screen printers and be sure to
subscribe to our YouTube channel for
more awesome screen printing videos
you